welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
the piano teacher
erica cohen is a middle-aged piano
professor at a vienna music conservatory
who resides in an apartment with her
domineering elderly mother
her late father had been a long-standing
resident in a psychiatric asylum
despite erica's aloof and assured facade
she is a woman whose sexual repression
and loneliness
has manifested in her periphelia
including voyeurism
sada masochistic fetishes and
self-mutilation
at a recital hosted by the blonsky
couple
erica meets walter clemmer a young
aspiring engineer who also plays piano
and who expresses admiration of her
talent for classical music
the two share an appreciation for
composers robert schumann and franz
schubert
and he attempts to apply to the
conservatory to be her pupil
his audition impresses the other
professors but erica
though visibly moved by his playing
votes against him
she cites his divergent interpretation
of schubert's angentino
and questions his motivations despite
this
walter is admitted as erica's pupil
meanwhile another pupil anna schober
struggles with anxiety while pushed by
her own ambitious mother
however when erica witnesses anna and
walter socializing
she slips to an empty coat room and
breaks glass
hiding the shards inside one of anna's
coat pockets
this cuts anna's right hand preventing
her playing at the forthcoming jubilee
concert
walter pursues erica into a lavatory
immediately after she secretly injured
anna
walter passionately kisses erica and she
responds by repeatedly humiliating and
frustrating him
she proceeds to give him a hand job
before performing fellatio on him
but abruptly stops when he does not
abide by her orders
she tells him she will write him a
letter regarding their next meeting
later at the conservatory erica feigns
sympathy for anna's mother
with erica saying only she can
substitute for anna in the upcoming
school concert at such a late stage
walter is increasingly insistent in his
desire to initiate a sexual relationship
with erica
but erica is only willing if he will
satisfy her masochistic fantasies
she gives him the letter indicating acts
she will consent to
but the list repulses him she
subsequently confronts him at an
ice rink after his hockey practice to
apologize
after which the two begin to engage in
sex in a janitorial
closet however erica is unable to
and vomits after walter ejaculates in
her mouth
later that night walter arrives at
erica's apartment and attacks her in the
fashion described in her letter
he locks her mother away in her bedroom
before proceeding to beat and rape erica
the next day erica brings a kitchen
knife to the concert where she is
scheduled to substitute for anna
when walter arrives he enters cheerfully
laughing with his family and flippantly
greets her
moments before the concert is due to
start a distraught
erica stabs herself in the shoulder with
the kitchen knife and exits the concert
hall into the street
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]
you